Updated accounts rst (#413)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/accounts.rst

Expiration
----------

The :index:`password expiration` is **NOT** enabled by default.

> If enabled, password lifetime is set to 6 months from the time when the password is set.

Reviewer: If enabled, it is set according to `Password policies > The Maximum Password Age` value

Author: Ok for me

.. note:: The system will refer to the date of the last password change,

>    if password is older than 6 months, the server consider that password has expired.

Reviewer: "6 months"... it depends on the actual settings (see previos comment)

```suggestion
   if password is older than :guilabel:`Maximum Password Age`, the password is expired.
```

Author: OK

>    In this case you need to change the user password.

Reviewer: "you need" => "the user needs" (?)

Author: I'm not sure what that means..

Author: Changed rst content

   For example, if the last password change was made in January and the activation of the deadline in October,

>    the system will assume the password changed in January is expired, and notify the user.

Reviewer: Reword "notify the user"

Author: OK

> .. warning:: Due to some technical limitation, **no email notification related to password expiration** will 

Reviewer: I'd remove "Due to some technical limitation"

Author: OK
